---
layout: post
title:  "Guest post - 11 Plus guide - Tutors marketing"
permalink: guest-post-11-plus-guide-tutors-marketing
---
Now and again Tutorcruncher invites other providers in the tuition space to
write a guest blog. Here we have the 11 plus guide's guest blog post:

### Successful tutors make use of free marketing channels  . 

Any tutor will find that they are operating in an increasingly competitive
market with more and more tutors opening for business every day. In such an
environment finding the most cost effective way of reaching potential
customers is essential.

Tutors should ensure they are listed in  all the  free directories  (  such as
Yell) and ensure that if they have a website they have targeted their chosen
keywords properly.  These are useful sources of free pupil enquiries.

In addition tutors  can  issue a press release to their local paper and try to
form a relationship with them. Local papers are always looking for lo  cal
people to comment  on issues and put a local spin on national issues- on
educational issues they often turn to a local tutor.

Where tutors specialise in specialist subjects or ages then looking for
websites which allow tutor listing can help bear fruit. For instance if tutors
specialise in 11 Plus preparation then there is a website called 
[www.11plusguide.com](http://www.11plusguide.com/) which allows tutors and
tuition centres to add their details for free. This provides tutors with a
valuable opportunity to have their name seen by families who are currently
looking for an 11  Plus  tutor or tuition centre.

Remember that before you embark on potentially expensive paid for marketing
for your tutor business that there are lots of free marketing opportunities
available.

Further, tutors should network at the [National Tutoring Conference](http://www.nationaltutoringconference.org.uk) 
to meet agencies and businesses.

Written by  The  11 Plus Guide for  Tutorcruncher  .
